Updates to the Cloudflare Zaraz docs (#3798)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/get-started/create-actions.md

---

> pcx-content-type: how-to
> title: Create actions
> weight: 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pcx-content-type: how-to
title: Create actions
weight: 5
meta:
  title: Creating third-party tool actions
```

---

# Creating third-party tool actions

> Tools on Zaraz must have actions configured in order to do something. Every action has triggers assigned to it, and when the conditions of the triggers are met, the action will start. An action can be anything the tool can do - sending analytics information, showing a widget, adding a script and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools on Zaraz must have actions configured in order to do something. Every action has triggers assigned to it. When the conditions of the triggers are met, the action will start. An action can be anything the tool can do - sending analytics information, showing a widget, adding a script and much more.
```

> To start using actions, first create a trigger to determine when this action will launch. If you have already [set up a trigger](/zaraz/get-started/create-trigger/), follow these steps to create an action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using actions, first create a trigger to determine when this action will start. If you have already [set up a trigger](/zaraz/get-started/create-trigger/), follow these steps to create an action.
```

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select your account and website.
2. Go to **Zaraz**.
3. Under **Third-party tools**, click **Edit** on the third-party tool you want to configure an action for.

> 4. Click the **Create action**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Create action**.
```

5. Give the action a descriptive name.

> 6. In the **Firing Triggers** field, choose the relevant trigger or triggers you [previously created](/zaraz/get-started/create-trigger/). If you choose more than one trigger, the action will start to the third-party tool when any the selected triggers are matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the **Firing Triggers** field, choose the relevant trigger or triggers you [previously created](/zaraz/get-started/create-trigger/). If you choose more than one trigger, the action will start when any of the selected triggers are matched.
```

> 7. Depending on the tool you adding an action for, you might also have the option to choose an **Action type**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Depending on the tool you are adding an action for, you might also have the option to choose an **Action type**. You might also need to fill in some addional fields in order to complete setting up the action.
```

Author: You never _need_ to use additional fields - Zaraz presents all the required fields by default. That's why I see Additional Fields as an advance usage.

Author: Sorry I was confused by the terminology I myself created. Let's say "more fields" here, not "additional fields"

> 8. Depending on the tool you adding an action for, you might need to fill in some addional fields in order to complete setting up the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 9. Click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click **Save**.
```
